the following is an audio only
presentation by John Marine there is a
love-hate relationship as far as gouging
pants go especially after jersey knit
variety some love them for the comfort
they provide as well as the style of
wearing these pants those opposed the
gaucho pants however dislike them
because of how much they cling to the
buttocks as well as when fighting an
almost uncomfortable view of one's
backside despite the dislike we're in
gaucho pants or jersey knit gaucho pants
can actually be a guilty pleasure to
wear and orsi and can sometimes be
fetishistic those who wear such pants
will find themselves having a fabulous
looking but that is a testament as to
how comfortable gaucho pants can be as
well as how sexy they can be more
voluptuous types can be very seductive
with these pants this is actually a
returning trend from the 70s part of
reviving this trend and renaming
culottes the gaucho pants is to coincide
with a country-western trend made famous
in 2005 especially with movies like the
remake of The Dukes of Hazzard a
celebrity that made gaucho pants hot was
Jessica Simpson there have been others
have taken part in this trend such as
Jessica Alba and Lucy Liu adding to the
desirability of gaucho pants is the fact
that these can be worn all year and all
day upon the conclusion of cold days one
can trade boots for sandals or pumps or
even sneakers to wear with gaucho pants
even though gaucho pants are no longer
considered surrender your stylist by
today's standards they still remain
every bit as fun and as flirty and as
comfortable as when they were reduced to
the 21st century back in 2005 some
contributed fashion laziness as to the
downfall of gaucho pants a stylish pair
of pants mostly because of females
wearing these with t-shirts and flip
flop thong sandals I still think these
are fun to wear even let alone seeing
them being worn there are even styles of
these pants for different kinds of
applications there are Gauchos for
example for dancing perhaps most
controversial thing about gaucho pants
it's confusing these with the kind of
bomb boxes that South American Gaucho
was where when it comes to wearing these
pants there's a variety of options I
usually see these casually worn with
sandals and t-shirts I used to think
that sneakers were off-limits for
wearing these because they were so bulky
however I've even seen athletic type
sneakers being worn with gaucho pants
the more skirt like an appearance the
more appealing to me i oftentimes think
of gaucho pants as wearing two skirts
one on each leg and you don't really
sense the validity of the previous
statement unless you've seen a variety
of juicy gaucho pants such gaucho pants
then what we will consider divided
skirts in fact expert village created a
YouTube video back in October
highlighting on gaucho pants and
describing them as a skirt option for
petite women you don't tend to think of
these as skirts however they are they're
divided skirts in fact Gauchos can still
be confidently worn with either pumps or
stylus sandals and be sure not to pass
up the option of knee-high boots
especially toe boots that you don't have
to lace up these pants can be fun and
wearable for almost any age and almost
any body type they are not however
really recommended for taller women the
primary focus of this presentation
mostly concerns jersey knit gaucho pants
however there are other lightweight and
comfortable fabrics which make them
every bit as fun as a pair of jersey
gaucho pants no matter what these are
still very fun pants these pants are
mostly all day all season kind of pants
they're good rating from a day at work
or school all the way to a hot night out
on a date they can be worn either with
t-shirts all the way to a very dressy
tunic they can be worn with basic flip
flops sandals or the most stylish and
chic of all shoes for the fun appeal for
the sex appeal for the versatility for
the wearability for the style for the
comfort and even for the
bootylicious quality there aren't very
many kinds of pants that can hold a
candle to Gauchos for these past be too
comfy and too seductive that's actually
part of the appeal to these pants and no
matter how you wear these or how you
build a complete outfit with them always
dress in confidence because confidence
is sexy and on this note this video has
concluded my name is John Marine thank
you for checking out this video please
be sure to rate and comment this as well
as to see some of my other videos you
can do so by looking at my profile page
to learn more about my videos my name is
John Marine have a wonderful day
you